Timing and Subtitles by the I'm Trapped Team @ Chiblitokyo.blogspot.com
Cheese In The Trap
Cheese in the Trap
Sunbae., why am I here?
We're not in the kind of situation to be doing this right now.
Must you argue over every detail one at a time to make you feel better?
From the beginning, you were the one who judged and misunderstood me.
From the beginning semester party and Sunbae Sang Cheol's embezzlement to this year's class registration.
Yet was there no way for you to overlook it for even a second?
Why do you always argue over every detail with only me?
Why is the discussion going in this direction?
Okay. Yes, let's consider the fact that last year I did wrong you. But right now, I'm doing my best.
I gave up my scholarship, helped with your report, and your part-time job at the university.
But why are you still not satisfied?
You know I didn't want that!
So what? You don't like it?
To be honest, you liked it. Am I wrong? Think about it.
You received all that and now I'm the bad guy?
I mean exactly how perfect do you want me to be?!
Now what are you going to?
Are you going to continue to stay away from me like this?
Hong! My dad was released from the hospital! In celebration, I'm buying!
Sunbae somehow, even in my dreams, only talks about me.
Episode 6
So... you are saying it's been that way for a few days and he hasn't contacted you even once?
Hey. If it were me, I would think he's too good for me, go to Gwanghwamun, and do the hula dance.
You should at least be grateful for having a great guy for a boyfriend.
As for me, I hate Sunbae being so nice to me like that.
And I'm scared I'm might get used to it.
So what are you going to do? Go? Stop?
Sunbae's actions are typical actions for sure, and
I understand that you can't accept that either.
How do you feel? Are you really going to break up with Sunbae?
Sunbae, I want to meet...
I want to meet and talk.
Tomorrow...
Is tomorrow okay?
I spent all the money. Send me more money.
This wench is seriously crazy. Why does she keep asking me for money?
It's a bottomless pit. When will she come to her senses?
I don't even have any money, seriously.
I just gave her money.
What are you doing?
I am in serious distress.
Why?
Over when you're going to buy me dinner.
It's too petty for me continue asking, too.
But, I'd feel wronged if I just let it go.
Forget it.
Now I understand how people feel when they lend money and can't ask for it back.
But why do you always talk about food every time you see me?
You are enjoying this.
You are the one who said you'd buy dinner for that robbery incident, to show your appreciation.
Wow, you're seriously pretending not to know.
You're awesome, seriously.
Ah, that's right.
You remember?
I'll buy. I might as well. Should I buy today?
- Yeah, that'd be good. Seriously?- Yeah. Today? Today?
- Don't you run away.- What do you mean run away? Okay, I'll buy today.
- Later, let's meet out front.- Deal!
Hanwoo! (Korean beef)
You scared me.
Delete
Sunbae, I want to meet and talk.
Is tomorrow okay?
It's good news. In this international piano competition,
a new Korean star is born.
His name is Jang Hae Jin and today we'll...
I'll be about 10 minutes late.
Who sends a text over being ten minutes late?
It is quite awesome. Among all your apprentices
Jang Hae Jin seems to be your favorite.
You've said you "found a pearl in the dirt" in an interview.
How did you find this sort of pearl?
Right from when I first met Jang Hae Jin,
he was glowing on his own.
He already possessed an awesome talent from then.
My work was to help him to play in a good environment.
Honestly, it's my
honor to have an apprentice like him in my life.
Baek In Ho! Are you going to just put style in front of the piano?
Are you going to play this way at the concours (competition)?
I am all prepared for it. I am playing very seriously.
You shouldn't dare say you are "prepared" in front of the piano.
Yes, I understand.
Okay, okay.
People applause when you play piano like this, don't they?
Applause is a knife and compliments are poison.
You'll know what it means later on.
You do know that you are a special apprentice to me, right?
I know.
It's killer, right?
In Ho.
Let's do the rehab.
I believe in you.
Why are you so late?
Because of you, Dog Fur, I'm all wet.
Forget the meal.
Buy me a drink since it's raining.
Hurry up and come.
Why aren't you drinking?
I can't really drink, so I take my time.
Geesh. What do you do well other than study?
It must be nice for you since you do everything, other than studying, well.
What? Always talking back.
Did you see earlier?
What? Baek In Ho getting rained on?
You were here.
I remembered coming here together before so I stopped in.
You were really here.
Ah. How did the situation become like...
I feel like my whole body is cowering, as if I were caught cheating
when it's clearly a situation I should be mad about.
-Why are you mooching here? -Mooching?
I thought I already asked you not to bother the people in my ife.
You act like you never heard.
Ah, that's right, isn't it? But what should I do?
I came here because Dog Fur said she'd buy me a drink, so I can't honor your request.
You can leave if you don't like it.
Yeah, if Seol said she'd buy then you should drink.
Please give me a glass over here.
You must have a lot of free time lately.
You have to work if you want to feed and support In Ha.
I don't think it's time for you to take it easy.
You punk. Who's the one who made us this way?
Bringing up my sister every chance you get.
Are you saying it's because of me? Why?
You said you came back because you wanted to see me like this.
Stop it!
You fight whenever you see each other? Why do you do this?
Fine then what is her sin?
I don't know, I don't know. Hey, just drink. Drink up.
Is this a group that can drink booze sober?
If only Baek In Ha were here, it would be a perfect picture, right?
If it's Baek In Ha, is she Baek In Ho's older sister?
She was totally pretty.
How is Sunbae...
Thanks for the text.
Sure.
Did she really call you for drinks?
Yeah.
But what does it matter to you?
I was a little indebted to Baek In Ho.
You should have told me if something like that happened.
We fought though.
Did you guys fight? What a funny pair you are.
If you're happy to see each other, you should be kiss-kiss-kissing.
Just break up. You don't suit each other!
Shut your mouth.
Do you know how he used to be long ago?
He had a lot of money, so he went through enough girls to fill a whole truck.
If you combined all their tears, it would be enough to overflow the Han River.
When he was bored, he'd change girls.
If he felt like breaking up, in an instant, BAM.
He's not even some king.
And he is obsessed with pretty faces and nice figures.
- Stop now.- Why stop? Did I say something untrue?
A truckload of girls, with faces and figures.
Then did he date Baek In Ho's sister, too...?
- No!- No!
- Never!- What are you talking about?
But still,
when you were young, you lived together and she's pretty.
I said they didn't!
You've never dated, have you?
Who's never dated before?
I've dated, too. In high school.
Totally good looking and...
People were all jealous. He was totally good looking.
He was a church boy, wasn't he?
Huh? How did you know? He played the drums.
You chased him around because you liked him and got dumped, didn't you?
What do you know?
Hey, it looks like that. I can tell right away.
I guess you running your mouth is unfixable.
Why would I fix it? This is so fun.
What? What?
So what if you glare at me? You want to take it outside?
Aren't you scared?
Again, again.
Hey! A punk like you who only exercises can't win a person who actually experienced fighting.
If you fight me, what is that... You'll fly out of the earth's atmosphere.
I can't sit and listen to such childish talk.
Earth's atmosphere...
Then, what? What should I say?
I'll extinguish you on the mental level?
Say what? I'm a teacher at the English academy.
Why would my mentality be extinguished? My mentality is very healthy.
This level of conversation...
Enough with your crap!
Shut up, both of you!
Are you grade school kids?
Did you give me something to keep?
One gets mad over nothing,
and one asks me to buy things over nothing.
Dog Fur, are you drunk?
Dog Fur? Who's Dog Fur?
Naturally curly.
Natural curls, the hair that is a bit thicker. Repeat after me!
Oh my...
Seol...
Repeat it. Naturally curly.
What am I supposed to do?
If I just sit still, you think I'm not curious? I'm curious about so many things.
What are you curious about?
So, what I mean is,
Baek In Ho's sister and Sunbae's dating—
- I said that I didn't!- I said that they didn't!
They didn't?
If not, then never mind.
Hey, Dog Fur!
Seol!
Seriously. The state of this woman.
She can't pull herself together.
Why are you following me?
Because I don't know what you're going to do with a drunk kid, so I'm following you. Why?
Your hand. Watch your hand. Your hand.
Earlier, I only let it go nicely because we were in front of Seol.
Mind your own business and go home.
Would I go if you told me to?
So you...
really...
don't have anything you feel sorry towards me about?
Then what about you?
Fine. I won't ask again.
Never again.
Hey!
Hey, what are men doing to a woman?
Hurry up and put her down!
Who are you?
What are you to be throwing water bottles?
Put my sister down now!
Hey, Hong Seol. Hey!
Hey, hey.
What is with this look?
Joon.
I think I am going to throw up?
What's wrong?
Don't do it.
Swallow it.
Hurry up and get her home.
What are you?
Did you wake up, Noona?
What are you doing? When did you get here and why are you here?
It's been a few days already.
- What about school?- I'm not going to go for the time being.
Dad stopped his business and Mom started a noodle shop.
As a son, I can't just be studying in the US.
Say what? Do Mom and Dad know you're doing this?
Noona, I got beaten up by Dad. How could he do that to his son's face? I'm going to stay here for the time being.
Ah you, seriously! When are going to straighten up?!
When are you going to get your act together! You must be crazy.
You must be crazy. You're crazy!
Just know you're lucky.
Did you sleep well? How do you feel?
Contact me when you wake up.
Who the heck is your boyfriend?
What?
Hooligan? Model student?
They both looked good. But I hope it's not the model student.
Why?
Don't you remember?
Really?
You threw up on the model student's head yesterday!
Oooooeeeeeyaaaa!
You vomited in front of the door. It was so gross.
You'll get dumped by that model student soon.
Seriously. Seriously. You scared me!
I said that you scared me! You scared me! You scared me!
It's short hair!
I should die! I should just die!
I'm never going to drink again.
Seriously, last night... Last night was...
Oh. Mm-hmm.
Yeah, Mom. I'll take him for the next few days. Don't worry. Yes.
You're leaving now?
Yes. What are you doing?
I'm moving.
The owner grandmother hasn't come yet.
I was just going to leave first.
But, why?
I have a favor to ask you. About Yoon Seob and me.
Don't worry. I won't tell anyone.
Thanks.
Dear, when I first saw you and abused you saying you were noisy, I'm sorry.
Not at all.
Be well.
I'm sure we fought because I got mad. Alcohol is my enemy.
Did you get home okay last night?
I was thinking about it.
Let's not think.
Seol, don't go anywhere and drink a lot, okay?
Okay.
Did I make a lot of mistakes last night?
Do you really want to know?
No.
Well, just... It was cute to me.
The man next door moved out.
He did?
Sunbae.
Hmm?
I'm sorry for getting mad after only hearing what Teacher Heo had to say.
Since I know that you didn't have bad motives, I'll be understanding about it this time.
But, from now on, promise me that these things won't happen again in the future.
And ask me first if it involves me.
Okay. I promise.
Let's eat here. And I was thinking we could go see a movie. What do you think?
A movie?
I reserved them already, for something funny.
I came here prepared to get scolded more. Is this enough?
I'll let it go this time.
Come out, punk. I saw it all. Who is it? Who is it?
In Ho!
This punk.
How did you get here? Did the president make you?
I saved you when you were getting tormented. Gave you money to help you to get a place. You repay my grace by being my enemy?
No. I really came because I saw this.
Get rid of that.
But the problem is, the president already knows. For now, get out of here.
I'm going to go crazy.
And also, if you change your cell number, you have to let me know.
In Ho, let's go eat since it's been a long time since I saw you.
Eat, my foot. Go punk! Go!
- Go already!- I'm going, I'm going.
Okay! I'm going!
I am leaving In Ho! Stay well!
How did he know? Agh!
Do I have to leave again? I have to leave just as I get used to the place...
I have to change my number. I have to move out.
Baek In Ha, what did you do now?
No wonder. I thought my life was too peaceful.
It's me In Ha. Have you been well?
Yeah, what's up? You're calling me first.
It's just that I haven't seen you in a long time. Do you have time tomorrow? Want to meet up?
Why? Did you run out of money? Is there nobody who will see you?
What can I do? I have to see my girlfriend tomorrow.
Seriously! I felt pity for you so I was going to see you.
Who's the one who's really pitiful? I knew you'd turn out like that.
If you are desperate, then go see that hooligan. Don't call again.
Hey! HEY!
If I ask Baek In Ho for money, he's going to freak, freak, freak, freak, FREAK out again!
Baek In Ho is going to freak out!
I don't have any money.
Seriously, you!
And don't call me for the time being. I'm going to run off for a bit. Although you won't be able to contact me when I change my number anyway.
What are you talking about? Did you cause some trouble?
What does it matter to you? You're not even going to help fix it anyway.
Sorry.
The chicken was good, and I enjoyed the movie.
That's a good thing.
When are you moving out?
Soon, before the semester starts.
Things are coming to the end. The academy, my place and the school vacation.
It's sad.
But not us. We'll still see each other.
That's right.
Here.
Because you like watches.
I didn't even expect this.
But I wonder if it's too inexpensive for you to wear, so I'm a little embarrassed.
Is it not good?
You must not like it.
I like it.
Really.
Thanks.
We didn't fight yesterday. And we had a good conversation.
It would be nice if every day was like yesterday.
What do I do? What do I do? I must be crazy.
Hey, Natural Curls!
This is where you were.
So? Are you feeling better?
Natural Curls?
Stop that.
What? I can't even call Natural Curls by Natural Curls anymore?
Nat... Natural Curls?
Seriously! I said to stop that!
Hey, now you're shouting at me.
I've raised you too high.
I've raised you too high, I did...
Where are you going?
Can I not see her again, either?
It was a mistake to drink with him.
Welcome.
Please give me a pack of cigarettes.
What is it? Why is Yeong Gon here?
Hey, stop right there!
Seriously!
I said let's talk.
Why are you so cold to me lately?
You don't answer my calls and ignore my texts.
Then it seems like it's only me who likes you.
You... Are you crazy?
Why would I like you?
If you keep doing this, I'm going to report you to the police for stalking.
Stalking? Stalking doesn't refer to us.
We're just in a game of push-pull. Push-pull. Understand?
But why do you keep playing hard to get? I'm getting annoyed.
The sky and ground know the fact that you like me. Even Yoo Jeong knows, too.
- What?- You said you liked me!
I got hope because Sunbae Yoo Jeong gave me assurance.
Hey, he said we look really good together.
What in the world are you talking about?
I'm getting really annoyed.
Come here.
I said to follow me!
Come here!
Is this the correct one?
It's 8,500 Won.
- Thank you.- Thank you. Good bye.
Could he possibly be going to an academy near here?
What do I do if I run into him?
I should take the back street.
Hong Seol?
Hey! So it was you!
Earlier in the convenience store I thought it might be you.
But do you go to an academy near here?
What is it? It's as if you're seeing me for the first time. Did you already forget me after taking a year off?
I don't have anything to say to you.
Where are you going? I'm not finished talking.
I have something to say, I really do.
Let go!
What's wrong? You're embarrassing me.
I don't have any feelings for you anymore.
I'm going to start back in school again so let's get along.
I don't have anything to say.
You're still so prickly.
Don't be like that. You're breaking my heart.
But, I heard you've been close to Yoo Jeong lately.
Are you dating?
Really? Really?
You and I both got fooled properly by him and now you are dating him?
Is he in his right mind?
- Go away.  - Get a hold of yourself, wench!
He wouldn't be sincere with you! He's playing with you, I say!
I said to get away!
Ah, you're treating me like a bug.
Hey, you've got some good skills.
How did you seduce Yoo Jeong?
Someone who couldn't say a word to a boy and used to be such a loser.
Ahh this...
I was listening and listening, but it was rotting my ears and I couldn't take it anymore.
Hey, who are you to hit someone's back?
What are you, bastard?
What are you to hold a girl on a street like a loser?
You really...
I was going to let you hit me and get a settlement.
But it won't work because you are too slow with your fist.
Hong Seol, you're quite amazing.
Yoo Jeong, Kwon Eun Taek, and now even this bully.
You still can't get your act straight.
You nagged at me for hitting on girls.
But you are the slut coming on to this guy and that guy!
Hey!
I know about punks like you very well.
There is no remedy for a loser like you who torments girls.
I am the remedy.
Ah, Baek...!
Are you scared?
Get lost.
I said to get lost!
Such a loser.
Hey! I'm going to sue you! I'm going to throw you in jail!
Try it! Just try to!
Hey! Try it and see if I sit still.
If you go to the police, I'll be a witness.
Stalking me starting last year and threatening me today!
Let's see who the defendant will be.
Good job. You're doing well.
Okay, do whatever you want!
But soon, you're going to be hurt by Yoo Jeong.
Think carefully.
Why did that punk send me to you last year?
Let's get along this semester.
You are just all talk.
Get lost! I said to get lost!
Aissi get lost!
You just let me see you again. I'll rearrange your organs!
Hey, Dog Fur. Who was he?
He is involved with Yoo Jeong, right?
Be careful from now on.
And be careful about that sort of guy who has victim mentality, too.
Yoo Jeong will eat him alive. He's more dispensable than gum.
Got it?
I asked if you understand?
Hurry up and go back. You'll be late for the exam.
Ahh, Teacher!
- What's with you kids? Go, go, go.  - We like you, Teacher!
Go home! See you later!
See you tomorrow!
Thomas, some girl asked me to give you something earlier.
Girl...?
My fans are driving me crazy. What is it?
It's in that bag.
Who gave this to you?
I don't her name but you know that girl with frizzy hair and with her eyes half open.
Don't forget to take those. It's messy.
Dog fur.
Why is she going and doing unnecessary things like this?
The words you are seeing now, people think these words are easy.
But these are words people mispronounce a lot.
So, how do you pronounce this?
The sky and the ground know the fact that you like me.
Even Yoo Jeong knows it.
Think carefully. Why would he have sent me to you last year?
Yoo Jeong eats people like that alive. He's more dispensable than gum.
Understand?
It means it's chilly. So changing the word "chilly"
to weather, than in any test...
We just finally got to liking each other.
Let's not bring up tiring stuff again.
Hey, Dog Fur!
Sunbae!
What's up?
I wanted to take you home.
Get in.
Anyway, then I don't have to bother taking her home.
It's nice.
This isn't awkward anymore. Is it?
You wore the watch.
I'm going to wear it every day.
It looks good on you.
What's wrong?
It seemed like someone was there.
There's nobody here.
I must have been wrong.
Let's go.
Oh! Here she comes!
You're friends with that pervert, aren't you?
Yeah, I heard you even drank with him. Where did that pervert go?
He isn't that kind of person.
Can you give me a description of your next door neighbor?
He's a little short. And he's chubby.
- The person who was with you at the police station last time.- Yes, that's correct!
Earlier you said he was tall, had red hair and a hat.
He could have lost weight and dyed his hair. It's him! There's nobody it could be but him!
You have the wrong person. Why are you doing that?
Where are you going, Miss? You have to give us that pervert's address before you go!
Give me his address!
Ahjussi, seriously!
I'm worried they didn't catch the criminal.
He won't come back, will he?
Why are you saying things that scare me?
You should get going.
Should I stay here today?
What?
You said your brother was staying out all night.
Will you be okay alone?
Joon is so messy.
He made such a big mess.
Here. Sit here for now.
Ah, coffee. Coffee!
I don't need any coffee.
Pardon?
I'll just have some water.
Here.
I'll go and change my clothes quickly.
Oh.
Keep sitting.
Sunbae is in my room. It's strange.
When did I start trusting the person I was so wary of?
Should we watch TV?
- You have a TV?- Yes.
I don't watch it often, so I keep it in my closet.
I k-kept it.
Why is the TV underneath the blankets.
Since I don't watch it very often.
This is a little old.
I'll help you.
It's the old kind so it's a little heavy.
This, this...
Take this ou—
It's okay. We don't have to watch TV.
What should I do with these blankets?
Sunbae.
Let's go to sleep now.
I mean, sleep. We should sleep.
Okay.
Okay, then.
Spread this on the floor.
And this is to cover yourself.
Good night. Please turn out the light.
Okay.
Good night.
Okay, sleep well.
You can't fall asleep?
How about you?
How can I sleep when you're making so much noise?
It's only 10:30pm.
Please turn on the light.
Oh.
What should we do?
Is this your photo album? Can I look at it?
Yes.
It's from when I was little.
- Is this all you?- Yes.
You're cute.
Look at how long your legs are.
You're eyes were really big when you were young.
What?
Oh, your father?
The curly hair.
Don't I look like a triangle kimbap? They said it was extremely curly then.
It's loosened up a lot.
Try to find me in this one.
You're right.
You look the same.
You must have been close with Joon since you were young.
Well, we're still close now.
But there is a hateful side in Joon.
Since he was young, he grew up doing everything he wanted to.
He was so cute and outgoing.
My parents just
let everything slide for him.
They were very generous to Joon.
There are people like that.
People who are easily loved.
But, well...
That's not something that happens just because you try.
When I was young, I thought I was someone who couldn't be smart.
So I did everything diligently, I think.
And while doing that, the results just naturally got better.
Actually, even now, that's why I just try hard.
But at some point, it became a habit
and was expected.
Even though it might have been just a small mistake, it seemed like a big offense.
Like that...
I'm being so down.
I'm the same way.
You are?
My father is very kind and generous to others.
But he had a certain expectation of me, so I had to match that.
I have to be friendly, and I can't get mad.
It wasn't forced but...
Sometimes it felt suffocating...
Seol.
If I were your parents, I would have adored you a lot.
It's really good to see
you trying hard.
Don't worry. You're doing well enough now.
I'm doing well.
Those are the words I've been wanting to hear from someone.
Sunbae, what did you like about me?
Hm?
I mean, we weren't really that close.
I even thought you hated me.
I did dislike you.
So, when did you change your mind?
You did the least research so of course you have to present.
You only did the introduction and I did the main.
Seol made all the corrections and organized it anyway.
What's the difference between us?
I'll just do it.
Since I summarized the PPT, I think we can present without the script once I sort things out.
- Oh, you want to?- I feel so sorry.
- But, now that I think about it...- Hey, Seol is really similar to you.
- What are you talking about?- Just know that you two are exactly the same.
Aigoo, I'm going.
Oh, Sunbae! You need to put up the posters. It's your duty.
I helped with the shop. Tell the other kids who skipped it.
Why do I have to work so hard?! You can get out of it if you feel wronged, too! Ah, I am so hungry.
Seriously, there he goes again.
We'll hand out the flyers. So would you put up the posters and information?
Let's put up the posters and information since it takes a lot of time and do this tomorrow.
I have prior engagement too. Handing out the flyers is a lot you know.
But the event is tomorrow...
Okay, I'll put up the posters with Seol.
I heard you are not feeling well. You seem to have a nasty cold, so let's just go.
Not at all. We'll wrap it up, so don't worry about it and go on.
Then, Min Soo, come with me.
You leave too. If you use the back gate, you can probably avoid the kids.
We need to put up the posters.
I can do it.
Just go.
No one will appreciate your effort anyway.
I understand that I look foolish, but whether anyone notices my effort or not
I am doing it because it's more comfortable doing it alone.
Isn't it the same for you?
Why are you sleeping here?
When did you start to like me?
I'm not too sure.
It's a secret.
What the heck?
How was it for you? You also really disliked me.
Yeah, I did.
So much I wanted to take time off school.
So I felt very uncomfortable getting the scholarship because of you.
But suddenly at some point you asked me to eat with you.
There were so many times you surprised me.
You kept popping up from somewhere and helping me.
You kept showing up at mealtime and asking me to eat with you.
And you suddenly asked to date.
But, suddenly, I couldn't contact you.
Honestly, even now,
you being here is really weird for me.
So, how is it now?
You don't dislike me now?
I don't know how we end up sitting together like this.
But if I like this moment, isn't that enough?
That's a secret too.
I'm really going to sleep now.
Let's really go to sleep.
- Please turn the light off.- Yes.
- Goodnight.- Yes.
Sunbae, are you okay? Are you okay?
I'm okay, I'm okay.
I'm okay.
This place is too small for your height, isn't it?
Hong Seol, here...
Huh? What's with this bastard?
He goes to the same academy with Hong Seol?
Great.
I'll take care of that bastard first.
I am exposing the true identity of this academy instructor.
Hong Seol you just come back to school. I'll expose that bastard's true identity.
Our academy's homepage is flooded because of you.
Ah, why?
How can you beat up another academy's student in front of ours? You face is even on our poster.
He said he won't report to the police. But since things turned out this way, we can't help it, either.
I'll deposit this month's pay, so you don't need to come back.
I understand.
Thanks for everything and I enjoyed it.
Then.
I'm sorry.
It's okay.
Then.
Let me see him too!
What is this? Why are you here? Go hurry!
- Go! Go quickly!- No!
- Go! Go quickly! Go!- No!
- No!- You guys, seriously.
Oh, oh! Teacher has to go.
No!
I'll talk to the Director since it happened because of me.
Don't worry about it. I was going to leave Seoul anyway. It's perfect timing.
Why?
Well.
I don't stay in one place very long anyway.
Ah right. If that loser comes again, don't even respond to him and just avoid him,
since I won't be here from now on. Got it?
You won't come from now on?
What's with that expression?
Why? Are you disappointed?
You're disappointed the handsome Baek In Ho is leaving?
You are for real? You might end up crying at this rate.
I met a lot of women, so I know.
It's really ugly if you cry with a face like this.
Who says I am crying? I'm not disappointed at all.
Then, it's fine.
Take care.
♫  In my lonely heart I was living ♫
♫  Now everything has changed ♫
♫  Seeing you approach, will I try to avoid your eyes? ♫
♫   ♫
You guys must got really close during the summer vacation.
- We're dating.- It looks like I'll have to buy a pair of sunglasses.
I became so famous that now I can't hold my head up.
- It's Min Soo. Son Min Soo.- Your style's gotten really similar to Hong's.
- Who wants a part-time job?  - Me!
- Do you want to play the piano?- I didn't know then, giving up on my dream,
what that meant.
The two will end up dating like this. So why did Yoo Jeong put me up like that to Hong Seol?
It's okay because it was because of me.
Crazy pervert! That bastard is still not caught?
I'll let you know exactly what kind of person your boyfriend is.
Seol.
S-Sunbae.